all right now
so we're going to do we get a 4-1 back
there
one Brian Adam Anthony up for and then
the bra KB was first what's up KB so
he's gonna try throwing it in ultimate
collection football talk to him on the
phone he picked these numbers box 88 and
then they I think both these end in 63
363 and 563 so here we go a couple
people asked for the sword so I'm gonna
continue to use it I'm gonna slice us
through it fast move the base to the
front we have Ken Anderson make sure we
sit here there we go
Ken Anderson the Larry Fitzgerald Phil
Simms and it is a king Knicks rookie
card on card autograph 393 up 399
Phoenix
yeah that's receiver all right
[Music]
to the front Sean Hill ultimate legends
Chucky Halle Thurman Thomas running back
that's nice
Gale Sayers he has a really nice
autograph to number 225 old school bears
on card very good-looking autograph 10
of 25 best leave all right Matt Forte
2005 rookie of Eugene Monroe 375 Derrick
Williams rookie
future 6 Matthew Stafford
no Sean marina Jason Smith that Darius
Hayward Bay Brandon Pettigrew and Tyson
Jackson okay and I'll get this area say
where bass got a red jersey Brandon
Pettigrew's got a purple what appears to
be in Minnesota Vikings Jersey I'm
almost 100% huh somebody let me know on
this one but I'm almost 100%
there's no throwback jersey or anything
for the Lions that was ever purple so
that's either let me verify this one all
right no Shawn Marino's got it look what
appears to be an Eagles Jersey it's
green
is there a Denver throwback that has
green in it
hmm things that make you say hmm and if
they accidentally got the wrong Jersey
pieces in the wrong holes and those are
actually other players I don't know
that's pretty different but if you guys
know let me know why those colors are
that way
and it was red ford areas hayward Bay
and that's the Raiders and I'm pretty
sure there's no red and Darius they were
baked who knows but anyway there you
have it KB I appreciate it bro and I'll
get them right out to Mint see you later